docs(plugins): restructure Sonic Similarity config and rename indexes (#705)
music-assistant/music-assistant.io: src/content/docs/plugins/sonic-similarity.md

## How it works

> Three engines run inside the plugin. The Traits engine is always on; the Character and free-text engines are independently toggleable from the configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three engines run inside the plugin. The Traits engine is always on; the Character and Free-Text Search engines are independently toggleable from the configuration page.
```
Just aligning with your headings below

### Traits engine (always on)

Matches on measured sound traits — tempo, energy, loudness, key, and so on. The engine builds a small per-track signature from those measurements and ranks neighbours using one of the configurable weight presets. Cheap to build, cheap to query, and fits comfortably in memory for libraries of tens of thousands of tracks.

This engine powers the Similar Tracks menu, radio mode, and the discover row by default.

### Character engine (opt-in)

Matches on overall character — how a listener would describe the sound. The engine builds a second search index over the audio fingerprints that Sonic Analysis already stores for every track; the resulting matches lean toward *"this feels like that"* rather than *"these have similar tempo"*, which is useful when a song's mood or texture matters more than its measurable properties.

No extra downloads are required; the fingerprints are already on disk from Sonic Analysis.

### Free-text search (opt-in)

> Turns a natural-language phrase like *"super dancy disco track"* into the same kind of fingerprint used for tracks, then returns the tracks whose sound is closest. Enabling this implicitly turns on the Character index above, since both features share the same model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turns a natural-language phrase like *"super dancy disco track"* into the same kind of fingerprint used for tracks, then returns the tracks whose sound is closest. Enabling this implicitly turns on the Character engine above, since both features share the same model.
```

Aligning terms

The first time free-text search is loaded, about 500 MB of language model files download to the server. 

![Free-text search returning matching tracks for "bright female vocal performance"](/assets/screenshots/sonic-similarity/free-text-search.png)

## Configuration

> The plugin appears in **Settings → Providers → Add Provider → Plugins** once installed. All settings live on a single configuration page made up of four panels: **Generic**, **Similarity search**, **Discover**, and **Status**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin is installed via **Settings → Plugins → Add a Plugin**. All settings live on a single configuration page made up of four panels: **Generic**, **Similarity search**, **Discover**, and **Status**.
```

Correct breadcrumb

### Generic

![Sonic Similarity Generic panel](/assets/screenshots/sonic-similarity/setup-screen-generic.png)

| Setting | Description |
|---|---|
| **Enable Character index** | Builds a second on-disk index over the audio fingerprints already produced by Sonic Analysis. Off by default. |

> | **Enable free-text search** | Enables natural-language track search. The first use lazily downloads about 500 MB of language model files to the server. Turning this on implicitly enables the Character index above, since both features share the same model. Off by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Enable free-text search** | Enables natural-language track search. On first use about 500 MB of language model files are lazily downloaded to the server. |
```

Readability tweak and removed text duplicated above.

| **Discover row engine** | Which engine powers the discover row — same options as the Similar Tracks engine in the Similarity search panel. Only appears when the Character index is enabled. Defaults to Traits. |
| **Discover row preset** | Similarity weight preset used to rank candidates for the row. See [Similarity presets](#similarity-presets) below for what each preset favours. Only appears when the Traits engine is selected. |
| **Discover row diversity** | Slider from 0 to 10. `0` keeps results closest to the seeds; `10` maximises variety — some results may be less similar individually, but the row as a whole will be more varied. Only appears when the Traits engine is selected. |

### Status

Shows the current health of each engine — number of tracks indexed, coverage, and whether the optional text encoder is loaded. Manual rebuild buttons live behind the **Advanced** toggle on the same page and are not needed in normal use; both engines build and refresh their indexes automatically in the background.

![Sonic Similarity Status panel](/assets/screenshots/sonic-similarity/setup-status.png)

| Element | Meaning |
|---|---|

> | **Traits engine status row** | Shows how many tracks are indexed, how many signatures are cached, whether the engine is ready to serve queries (shown in the UI as *corpus stats ready*), and — when available — how its coverage compares to Sonic Analysis' analysed / pending counts. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Traits engine status row** | Shows how many tracks are indexed, how many signatures are cached, whether the engine is ready to serve queries (shown in the UI as *corpus stats ready*), and, when available, how its coverage compares to Sonic Analysis' analysed / pending counts. |
```

| **Rebuild Traits index** *(Advanced)* | Re-scans all stored signatures and rebuilds the Traits search index from scratch. Runs in the background. Only present when **Advanced** settings are shown. |
| **Character engine status row** | Shows the number of fingerprints indexed and the current coverage. Only present when the Character engine is enabled. |
| **Rebuild Character index** *(Advanced)* | Incrementally adds any new fingerprints to the Character index. Runs in the background. Only present when **Advanced** settings are shown and the Character engine is enabled. |

> | **Text encoder status row** | Shows whether the text encoder is loaded (*warm*) or *cold*. When cold, the language model files (~500 MB) will be downloaded on the next free-text query. Only present when free-text search is enabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Text encoder status row** | Shows whether the text encoder is loaded; *warm* or *cold*. When cold, the language model files (~500 MB) will be downloaded on the next free-text query. Only present when free-text search is enabled. |
```
